README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

you can login with any username or password provided it passes the authentication
the styling consists of scss, react styled components and css
i used react-query and axios for the api request
i used the appropraite fonts for each page

Commit message:

docs: update README with project details and technologies

README.md, after:

Ime Ekwere Next.js lendsqr Project
This is a Next.js project bootstrapped with create-next-app.

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.


You can start editing the page by modifying app/page.tsx. The page will auto-update as you make changes.

This project uses next/font to automatically optimize and load the Geist font family for Vercel.

Features
User Authentication: You can log in with any username or password, as long as it passes authentication.
Data Persistence: Redux Toolkit is used to persist data in local storage.
API Integration: The app uses mock data generated by JSON Generator.
Styling: The app uses SCSS, React Styled Components, and CSS for styling.
Routing: The app uses the App Router for navigation.
Testing: Jest is used for testing components.
Deployment
The app is deployed on Vercel.

For more details, check the Next.js deployment documentation.

Learn More
To learn more about Next.js, check out these resources:

Next.js Documentation - Learn about Next.js features and API.
Learn Next.js - An interactive tutorial to get hands-on experience with Next.js.
Check out the Next.js GitHub repository for source code and contributions.
Technologies Used
Axios: Used for API requests.
Redux Toolkit: For state management and data persistence in local storage.
Jest: For testing.
Vercel: For deployment.
Next.js: The main framework used in this project.
SCSS, React Styled Components, CSS: For styling the app.
Fonts: Appropriate fonts are used for each page.
